add exercises (#5)
codecentric/internship-python-pacman: README.md

</details>

<details>
    <summary>Required knowledge: Classes</summary>

- How do I add new attributes to a class?
- How do I create different instances of a class with different properties? (here: different positions, colors and names)
- _optional_: Inheritance (here: `Ghost` inherits its constructor from `BasesAgent`)

</details>

### (4) Add new pellet types [easy/advanced]

Add a pellet that gives 100 points when Pac-man picks it up.

_Advanced_: Add a pellet that lets Pac-man eat ghosts, when he touches them. After a short time, the ghosts should be revived.

<details>
    <summary>Hints</summary>

- Different tile types (e.g. tiles with pellet) are defined in [Mazes.py](src/Mazes.py). With `COMMAND + left click` on the variable name, you can see where and how the pellet tiles are processed in the game logic. 
- After adding the 100 points pellet to the game, is it still possible to win?

</details>

### (5) Enhance the steering of Pac-Man  [advanced]

Make the steering of Pac-Man more convenient.

> - Pac-man should always go forward automatically, the user should not have to click for each step he makes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pac-man should always go forward automatically, the user should not have to press a key for each step.
```

- If given the input to change direction, Pac-man changes direction accordingly if he reaches a passage within 3 time steps.

<details>
    <summary>Hints</summary>

- One time step is defined as one iteration of `update_world` (see [pacman.py](src/pacman.py)).
- How do the ghosts keep walking smoothly in the same direction? Can we steal the idea?
- How can we implement a timer that counts the time steps in the Pac-man class?

</details>

### (6) Add restart option and highscore [advanced]

- After one game has ended, there should be an option to restart the game.
- Remember previous scores and display a highscore.
- _Advanced_: Save the latest highscore to a file, such that it can be loaded even when the game was closed.
- _Advanced_: Make it possible to progress to a second level after the first level was won (i.e. change the maze).

<details>
    <summary>Hints</summary>

- The whole game takes place in the `update_world` function (see [pacman.py](src/pacman.py)), which is called recursively (loop).
- The loop exits when the game end is detected.

</details>

> ### (7) Add sound [hard]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (7) Add sound [difficult]
```

- Play a sound when the game is won and another when the game is lost.
- Play a sound at special events, e.g. when a special pellet is collected or a ghost is eaten.

<details>
    <summary>Hints</summary>

- Research how to play sounds in python (on the internet).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for usable sound files on the internet. Before committing them to the repository make sure you have the right to publish them. Alternatively, add them to the .gitignore file.

```

</details>
<details>
    <summary>Required knowledge: Threads</summary>

> - Playing sound such that the game does freeze requires threads.

Reviewer: Können wir hier noch ein not einfügen?
```suggestion
- Playing sound such that the game does not freeze while playback is active requires threads.
```

- Threads are used to do multiple things in parallel/on the same time.
</details>

> ### (8) Make the ghosts take better decisions [hard]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (8) Make the ghosts take better decisions [difficult]
```

</details>

> ### (9) Make Pac-man autonomous [hard/very hard]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### (9) Make Pac-man autonomous [very difficult]
```
